README.md, before:

# TipCalculator

# Pre-work - Tip Calculator

Tip Calculator is a tip calculator application for iOS.

Submitted by: Anthony Owyeong

Time spent: 4 hours spent in total

## User Stories

The following **required** functionality is complete:

* [ ] User can enter a bill amount, choose a tip percentage, and see the tip and total values.

The following **optional** features are implemented:
* [ ] Settings page to change the default tip percentage.
* [ ] UI animations
* [ ] Remembering the bill amount across app restarts (if <10mins)
* [ ] Using locale-specific currency and currency thousands separators.
* [ ] Making sure the keyboard is always visible and the bill amount is always the first responder. This way the user doesn't have to tap anywhere to use this app. Just launch the app and start typing.

The following **additional** features are implemented:

- [ ] List anything else that you can get done to improve the app functionality!
- [ ] A Slider which allows to split the bill between up to 10 people


## Notes 

Some challenges encountered while building this app is the apply and using the sliders and segmented controls.

## License

    Copyright [2019] [Anthony Owyeong]

    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
    you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
    You may obtain a copy of the License at

        http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
    distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
    See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
    limitations under the License.

Commit message:

created a tip amount lbl and fixed README

README.md, after:

# Pre-work - Tip Calculator

TipCalculator is a tip calculator application for iOS.

Submitted by: Anthony Owyeong

Time spent: 4 hours spent in total

## User Stories

The following **required** functionality is complete:

* [ ] User can enter a bill amount, choose a tip percentage, and see the tip and total values.

The following **optional** features are implemented:
* [ ] Settings page to change the default tip percentage.
* [ ] UI animations
* [ ] Remembering the bill amount across app restarts (if <10mins)
* [ ] Using locale-specific currency and currency thousands separators.
* [ ] Making sure the keyboard is always visible and the bill amount is always the first responder. This way the user doesn't have to tap anywhere to use this app. Just launch the app and start typing.

The following **additional** features are implemented:

- [ ] List anything else that you can get done to improve the app functionality!

## Video Walkthrough 

Here's a walkthrough of implemented user stories:

<img src='http://g.recordit.co/JiTkRtIT4V.gif' title='Video Walkthrough' width='250' alt='Video Walkthrough' />

GIF created with recordit.co

## Notes
Some challenges encountered while building this app were getting familiar with sliders and segment controls. Another challenge was creating layout constraints and getting use to storyboards.
